>> Mike North: So
one of the defenses we can use and
I heard this as we went
around the room and
talked about like different things that
security issues that were on our mind.
I heard content security policy or CSP.
The reason we have this is that,
browsers can't tell the difference between
code that is brought in from a URL on
a different domain versus
code that we're serving up.
Meaning, like once we fetch that
resource and start processing it and
treating it as a script,
it's really all one pile of code
that's sitting within the same
execution environment.
We really don't draw a distinction between
like, well, I got react from the CBN and
I got my program from somewhere else,
it's all together.
It all has the same rights and privileges.
So CSP allows us to inform the browsers
to where it's allowed to receive stuff,
or where it's allowed to do certain things
as it pertains to different sources.
For example you could say,
as the app running on frontendmasters.com,
I'm only allowed to execute scripts if
they come from assets.frontendmasters.com
and Google Analytics, and
GitHub, and that's it.
But if it comes from mike.works,
if it comes from my site,
like the browser will basically,
even if I injected some script that was
trying to download something I've hosted,
the browser would fail to treat this
as JavaScript it's allowed to execute.
So that's the point of
content security policy.
It comes with, like you delivered this
information to browsers via either a meta
tag or an HTTP response
header that looks like this.
So this would say,
>> Mike North: In this case,
we've got a directive which has a name.
The name sort of tells
us what's the flavor
of resource that we're talking about.
And script source would mean,
we're talking about where you're allowed
to get scripts that you may execute.
Self would mean like, the origin that
this frame is currently being served on.
And then this other domain I've
added a second allowed source.
But for example plain HTTP on
the same domain would not be allowed,
so an origin includes a protocol,
host, and a port.
And so, now I've just said, if you get
JavaScript over plain HTTP, not allowed.
Do not execute it in browser,
it will never get a chance to run.
So you can have multiple directives
that are separated by semicolon.
As you see below, you're allowed to
get web funds from Google funds.
And that could be added
on top of script source.
If you happen to double-down on
a directive, so if we had another script
source after the font thing,
the second one would be disregarded.
So only the first one is respected.
And the default setting if you don't
specify anything for CSP, you kind of let
everything fly, which is understandable
because the web existed before CSP.
And this is the kind of thing where
it is our responsibility to tighten
things up, it's our task to do.
You can't start with
the default being restrictive.
So here is a selection of,
it is a subset of useful CSP directives.
Child source, that tells the browser that
you're only allowed to spin up workers and
frames from the following domains,
from the following origins, rather.
Connect source, that lets you have
a white list of what you're allowed to do
stuff like fetch, open up WebSocket
connections, or use EventSource.
If you don't know what Event source is,
maybe you've heard the term server
sent events it's over HTTP.
It's a long polling connection, basically
in the background that let's you Like,
basically ping a client from the server
and say, hit me up for some more data.
Form action, that is a white list of
origins that you can form posts to.
Image, media, and object source,
those are get requests, right?
That's a white list of only
allowing images from this domain or
flesh embeds, things like that.
We've got style sheets, upgrade and secure
request, this is an interesting one.
So if you have a huge web application
you're trying to migrate to HTTPS and
you have a whole bunch of links.
Say you're a CMS,
a Content Management System.
And users have generated a ton of content.
And you've got a bunch of HTTP
links baked into your data.
What this will do is it will instruct
the browser that you wish to take those
links And rewrite them to HTTPS.
And then, obviously you're gonna wannna
go through and alter your data over time.
But this kind of tells
the browser that you wish
to have it assist you in the meantime,
while that effort is underway.
So default source, think of that as
the general fallback in the event that you
don't have a named directive,
like if we had no image source directive
in our content security policy.
We could basically say, by default,
unless I've specifically name
a directive, here are the sources
that you should allow for that.
Any questions about
content security policy?
>> Speaker 2: To a great and secure quest.
This is gonna automatically, [COUGH] flip
HTTP to HTTPS then for in the browser like
in the client or how is it gonna work?
>> Mike North: It depends what
you mean by that.
Can you?
>> Speaker 2: Well, so let's say the user
requests the resource by HTTP.
>> Mike North: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: And we have that specified,
so is the browser gonna flip it to HTTPS?
>> Mike North: That's not what this does.
Basically it means that when the browser
finds HTTP links in your HTML, it will
attempt to rewrite them as HTTPS links.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, got it.
>> Mike North: Right.
>> Speaker 3: John and Chad's
asking if older browsers
understand the headers for
CSP?
>> Mike North: Some of them.
So older browsers have implemented
a subset of CSP headers.
In fact, some newer browsers
are trying to lean more on CSP and
less on separate headers and meta tags.
So you'll see, this is almost like,
if you've ever dealt with SEO and
meta tags, we've gotta have a huge
list of non-intersecting stuff for
Apple and Android.
And you basically have to
just define whatever you can,
hope that browser respect it,
and then put in some extra stuff.
We'll talk about some legacy stuff we can
use for older browsers like IE9 that don't
handle CSP or release than newer version
of CSP that I do stuff properly.
So there are a few keywords we
can use along side sources.
So sources are typically origins.
None is like it's make
certain things forbidden,,
imagine if we had object source,
like I don't allow flash.
So object source none would say,
I never allow flash.
In a document served up from this domain,
flash is off limits
even if I happen to have some
in the code ,don't run it.
Self is whatever the current origin is,
so that's usually pretty safe and
pretty smart.
Same origin, like we already trust
that for a variety of reasons.
Unsafe-inline, that allows
inline JavaScript and CSS,
meaning like a unclick equals
execute this function,
or a script tag that's
baked into your HTML.
Unsafe-eval would allow eval.
So by default, if you have script source,
if you're gonna start to define the kinds
of JavaScript that you'll allow.
The default is like, all right,
now that you're defining it, we're not
in everything is allowed mode anymore.
The default position is,
eval is not allowed,
which is a good thing simply because that
is a potentially dangerous thing to do.
Now unfortunately on the other side,
we found that eval can be
a performant thing to do.
Some of the common templating engines and
stuff, instead of sending code over
the wire to represent a UI component,
they'll send a string or something else.
And we only evaluate that
into code just in time.
We only pay the cost of turning text
into an abstract syntax tree right
before we render.
And so, there you might find that
you have to flip the switch back on.
All right, however,
there are ways that we can make
unsafe-inline a little less unsafe.
But it's important to realize,
this is the most common
means of cross-site
script injection today.
When I recalled myself earlier with
Man-In-The-Middle Framework and
the BeEF Framework,
that was by adding a little script tag.
So this is what we have to watch out for.
And sometimes it's been official to have
one of these little things in there.
Maybe it's that our app is a little
bit on the heavy side, and
we want just some core
piece of script to run.
Just enough to make our navigation work or
something, while we wait for
our client's side app to download.
That is a real use case.
What we can do,
one way of solving that is to generate
what's called a cryptographic nonce.
And these are generated on each payload.
They increment in an unpredictable way,
so that an attacker can't read this and
figure out what a future nonce might be.
And we add that to our
Content Security Policy header.
So basically, the response header and
the script itself here, they must line
up in order for that tag to be run.
So that's one way of doing it.
Another way of doing
it is to add basically
a checksum to the content security policy.
So what we have here is a script tag,
and we've got some inline code in it.
And basically,
we have permitted it by adding this
sha256 string to the bottom here.
The easiest way to generate this,
the easiest way to find this is to use
the browser itself, use a browser itself.
So basically, you would leave this out of
the content security policy, try to visit
the page, the error message is gonna be
like, I'm sorry, you're not allowed to
run this piece of code that I found with
the following hash, sha256, [SOUND].
And then, you take that and
you can move it into your CSP.